# 27. Python Functionals Map and Lambda Function

Let's learn some new Python concepts! You have to generate a list of the first  fibonacci numbers,  being the first number. Then, apply the map function and a lambda expression to cube each fibonacci number and print the list.

**Concept**

The `map()` function applies a function to every member of an iterable and returns the result. It takes two parameters: first, the function that is to be applied and secondly, the iterables. 
Let's say you are given a list of names, and you have to print a list that contains the length of each name.

```
>> print (list(map(len, ['Tina', 'Raj', 'Tom'])))  
[4, 3, 3]  

```

Lambda is a single expression anonymous function often used as an inline function. In simple words, it is a function that has only one line in its body. It proves very handy in functional and GUI programming.

```
>> sum = lambda a, b, c: a + b + c
>> sum(1, 2, 3)
6

```

**Note:**

Lambda functions cannot use the return statement and can only have a single expression. Unlike def, which creates a function and assigns it a name, lambda creates a function and returns the function itself. Lambda can be used inside lists and dictionaries.

**Input Format**

One line of input: an integer .

**Constraints**

**Output Format**

A list on a single line containing the cubes of the first  fibonacci numbers.

**Sample Input**

```
5

```

**Sample Output**

```
[0, 1, 1, 8, 27]

```

**Explanation**

The first  fibonacci numbers are , and their cubes are .

```python
cube = lambda x:x*x*x
# complete the lambda function 


def fibonacci(n):
    # return a list of fibonacci numbers
    #fibonacci(1)=0
    #fibonacci(2)=1
    lis = [0,1]
    #if n >=2:
    #    lis[n]=lis[n-1]+lis[n-2]
    for i in range(2,n):
        lis.append(lis[i-1]+lis[i-2])
    return lis[0:n]

    

if __name__ == '__main__':
    n = int(input())
    print(list(map(cube, fibonacci(n))))
```